{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 v2.7
\b0 \
\
Minor UI layout bug fix in the messenger\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 v2.6\
\

\b0 Just some minor changements concerning the keys.\
\

\b v2.5\
\

\b0 Minor bug fixes. 
\b Added a first beta version of the android project
\b0 .\
\

\b v2.4\
\

\b0 Minor bug fixes. The video mixing bug has been addressed, but there is still a small design bug that needs to be fixed. Also, a bug in the follower view has been fixed.\
\

\b v2.3
\b0 \
\
Minor bug fixes concerning layout and deleting chats.\
\

\b v2.2\
\

\b0 Another fix concerning the follower view.\

\b \
v2.1\

\b0 \
Minor bug fix concerning the follower view\
\

\b v2.0\
\

\b0 \'95 Introducing a new follower and following view, and fixing several bugs. \
\'95 Parse currently has a bug in their javascript sdk, so make sure you don\'92t use their latest sdk with your cloud code. Instead, make sure you use \'841.4.2\'93 in the global.json file. \
\'95 Updating the project to XCode 7 and making it iOS9 ready. Please do not use XCode6 nor iOS8 anymore.\
\'95 Fixing the profile picture swapping bug (be aware that the fix only applies to newly registered users, existing users simply should upload their own profile picture\'85)\
\'95 Fixing a bug with cropping images on the iPad version of the project
\b \
\
IMPORTANT: 
\b0  this version provides an update to the cloud code folder. I introduced a new background job you better run every day on your parse account. Just set it to run every day on 00:00 and parse will do the rest for you. This background job cleans the data up and deletes all the corrupted follow activities. \

\b \
v1.7.4
\b0 \
\
Minor update fixing a few warnings in the code. Using XCode6.4, you should no have no warnings when opening the project.\
\

\b v1.7.3\
\

\b0 Fixing two minor bugs. \
\
Concerning the changing of the passwords for non-Facebook users - there has been a bug due to which the app could crash and terminate.\
\
Another bug concerning the read labels has been fixed.
\b \
\
v1.7.2
\b0 \
\
Fixing a minor bug in cloudcode, you should(!) update your cloudcode with the new version, especially the activity.js file, or you might run into troubles concerning your hashtags.\
\
Also fixing a bug concerning the EditProfileViewController, when saving a new email. \
\
Another fixed bug is concerning the iPad version, where some actionsheets wouldn\'92t pop up due to deprecations.\
\
\

\b v1.7.1
\b0 \
\
Fixing a bug on the simulator, where the camera would automatically pop up when tapping on the new post button.\
\

\b v1.7\
\

\b0 several bug fixes: \
\
- video playback bug has been fixed\
- opening profiles from the in-app-messenger was kind of messy - fixed now\
- opening profiles general did open them on the wrong tab - they open in the right tab now\
- there has been a bug when searching for hashtags - this has been sorted out and you can now also search for hashtags with the `#` sign\
- improving the chat in general - it had some weak moments, most of them are gone now\
- improving the custom caching system, esp. for the use of tweets\
- other minor design bugs and performance improvements\
\
new features:\
\
- Recent posts feed - showing you the most recent posts, independent from who you follow\
- Extended setting features in the settings page - you have now more control over the app, esp. over push notifications and read receipts\
- Tweets - this update introduces a first version of tweets, limited to 120 signs but with mentions, hashtags and links. Tweets are entered via a custom posting page.\
- In-app-webview - when opening a link, the user isn\'92t taken to safari anymore. Instead, a custom webview opens, which means that the user can stay in the app and does not have to leave it.\
\
In case you notice any bugs, please feel free to report them to me, I will fix them as soon as possible!}